After taking the toddler's measurements, we can make the block pattern.
All we need is a Zouzou, hello Zouzou !
(Hello !)
as well as pens, a calculator, a drawingbracket, a French curve and a ruler.
Take a sheet of paper (15 x 23")
and draw a vertical line in the middle
2" from the bottom, draw a horizontal line.
This is the waist line.
Write A at the crossing.
place B so that AB = back waist length
Place C so that AC = front waist length minus 0.39"
Place D so that AD = bust measurement divided by 4
This is the back
Then, place D' which is also 1/4 bust measurement away from A.
DA = AD'
This is the front.
Then place F
AF = (back waist length + front waist length) / 4
Mark a line perpendicular to F.
and place E so that FE = DA
We do the same at the front.
FE' = EF
(and = AD' !)
Well done ! I see you are being very careful !
( I'm not just a pretty face...)
So that was the bust line.
Place G right in the middle between C and F.
Mark GM which is the cross back measurement.
Do the same at the front.
GM' = cross front measurement.
That is the cross front and back line.
For the neckline, we first mark BH.
BH = ((1/2 neckline measurement) / 4) + 0,31"
Do the same at the front with BH'.
BH = BH'
Mark a line : CJ.
CJ = BH.
Do the same at the front.
CJ' = BH'
Now be very careful...!  Square off a line HI
HI = 1/4 BH
But at the front, H'I' = 1/4 BH - 0,19"
Square off JK.
K is 1/3 IJ
(That means you should measure IJ.)
at the front, place K'.
J'K' = (1/4 IJ) - 0,19"
Draw the grey landmarks.
One from K. One from K'.
(Can I draw the pattern now ???)
Go ahead !!
Draw the back neckline using a french curve.
as for the shoulder line, you have to measure at I
and meet the grey line...
Let me explain :
let say the shoulder length is 2,75" (7cm)...
Stick the ruler at 2,75"
and tilt the ruler until the zero meets the grey line.
should the shoulder length be longer,
the ruler will meet the grey line a little further.
(I see...!)
(hum, hum ! Next time, I will show you the enlargements..!)
Tell me... how was I ?
Very good ! Super ! Excellent!  Great ! Fantastic! Green ! Super green..!
Really ?